==================
Scientific Program
==================

The two days of the scientific track of the conference start by a keynote
talk that provide a vision and/or a report status on issues of general interest
to the Scientific Python community. The rest of the day is devoted to
contributed talks that present the state-of-the-art in many fields of scientific
computing with Python.

The tutorials play an important role in the EuroSciPy conference and allow
beginner or advanced users of the Scientific Python tools to learn from
recognized experts. The first two days of the conference are devoted to the
tutorials that are held in two parallel tracks.

Keynote Speakers
================

Cameron Neylon
--------------

CV 
^^^

Cameron Neylon is currently Director of Advocacy at The Public Library of
Science, a non profit publisher and advocacy organization that is active in open
access publishing. He started his career in academia and holds a PhD in
Chemistry and is an active proponent of open access and open research.

Abstract
^^^^^^^^

TBA

Peter Wang
----------

CV
^^

Peter WangPeter holds a B.A. in Physics from Cornell University and has been
developing applications professionally using Python since 2001. Before
co-founding Continuum Analytics in 2011, Peter spent seven years at Enthought
designing and developing applications for a variety of companies, including
investment bankers, high-frequency trading firms, oil companies, and others. In
2007, Peter was named Director of Technical Architecture and served as client
liaison on high-profile projects. Peter also developed Chaco, an open-source,
Python-based toolkit for interactive data visualization.


Abstract
^^^^^^^^

TBA

Tutorial sessions
=================

The tutorials are held in two tracks: beginner and advanced. The purpose of the
beginner track is to introduce scientists to the general scientific tools that
are available in Python so that the participants can start right away to work on
their own problems. The speakers in the advanced track are established experts
on the tools they cover. The tools covered are aimed at current users of Python
who wish to learn powerful tools that are either related to a given field
(statistics, for instance) or that are related to general scientific computing
skills (performance optimization, for instance).

Beginner track
--------------

Tutorials.

Advanced track
--------------

Tutorials.

Contributed talks, posters and lightning talks
==============================================

As it is customary in many computing conferences, an oral session is devoted to
lightning talks: participants register on site to present results, solutions or
ideas in a short time. This session is very much appreciated because of the
original contributions it brings and because of its lively character.

